Changes for Mutation Lifecycle page (#2221)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/guides/mutation-lifecycle.md

Please refer to the [API documentation](LINK_TODO)) for full details on how to call these mutations either from [GraphQL](LINK_TODO)) or directly from [Keystone](LINK_TODO)).
-->

> KeystoneJS provides [access control](/docs/guides/access-control.md) mechanisms and a [hook system](/docs/guides/hooks.md) which allows the developer to customize the behavior of each of these mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KeystoneJS provides [access control](/docs/guides/access-control.md) mechanisms and a [hook system](/docs/guides/hooks.md) which allows the developer to customise the behaviour of each of these mutations.
```
